Brock Simmons: Hello.
Natalie Austin: Can you see me yet. Oh, there we go.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, how's it going
Brock Simmons: Good. Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Yep, I can hear you.
Brock Simmons: All right, good.
Natalie Austin: Luck on the bright heart.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Are you a transfer new patient
Brock Simmons: Be patient. I've been waiting for a couple months now, I guess, Ohio has a waiting list.
Brock Simmons: So other yeah I'm excited.
Natalie Austin: You've been getting some of them.
Brock Simmons: Have been buying them off the street, I've been taking them for quite some time. I've been in recovery for years and years.
Brock Simmons: It's been a battle, but I'm surviving. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Even clean
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let me rewind.
Brock Simmons: To be honest with you, probably 62 months ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brock Simmons: I relapse and then
Brock Simmons: When my friend referred me to you guys and I've been on the waiting list. And long story short, I've been clean for about five weeks now.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay, wonderful.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, what
Natalie Austin: Suboxone eight milligrams twice like pills.
Brock Simmons: Yes. Okay.
Brock Simmons: I'm thankful to have a good wife and loving kids that they're on their last straw, though I know my kids are fed up with the lifestyle that I'm living and was living, I should say. So that's a good thing to have them so
Natalie Austin: Absolutely yeah support system is very helpful. Yeah.
Brock Simmons: My only concern is
Brock Simmons: I'm not
Brock Simmons: I don't know. I'm just kind of confused or not confused, but
Brock Simmons: I don't know what we'll get through this together, I guess, and
Natalie Austin: Right. What do you have questions about
Brock Simmons: Um, nothing much, really, I'm thinking out loud, really sorry about that.
Natalie Austin: No, that's what I'm here for. Right.
Brock Simmons: Right. Um,
Natalie Austin: Look at this will get through this together. We have counseling sessions for you.
Brock Simmons: Okay, yeah.
Brock Simmons: Really my question, I work third shift. So I was hoping you guys could schedule around that and then we'll go from there.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you work. He started three
Brock Simmons: Actually, I work 10 to six.
Natalie Austin: Okay 10 p
Natalie Austin: 10pm. Yeah.
Brock Simmons: Oh, yeah. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Your schedule meetings.
Natalie Austin: Your country, you know, I think we're going to do them on Wednesday afternoons or something.
Okay.
Brock Simmons: Perfect, yeah, anytime in the afternoon.
Natalie Austin: Perfect. Okay, good. Yeah. The plan for counseling is Wednesday or Thursday afternoon, I believe, so good. That'll work out for you then.
Natalie Austin: Do you have a pharmacy picked out
Brock Simmons: Yes, CVS on Lexington Avenue me
Natalie Austin: Yep. And you gave that
Natalie Austin: You already gave us the information prior. So we have that the system probably already
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Yeah, I believe so. Yeah. It's been so long since I filled out the application might be going on three months now think it was November sometime
Natalie Austin: Wasn't that long. Oh my goodness.
Brock Simmons: I burned and then that's why the lady had got me. And so fast. This past week was because I've been on the waiting list so long, so
Brock Simmons: I think
Natalie Austin: We're finally
Brock Simmons: At the
Natalie Austin: Very bottom. Wait, I know, it's crazy.
Brock Simmons: Not a problem. Not a problem. It's just more convenient for me to do it this way than it is to go downtown and deal with all that stuff. They're, they're
Brock Simmons: Absolutely fighting to you guys are doing this face to face video stuff and this kind of, I think,
Natalie Austin: We do we try to help people out, make it more convenient for you. So I'm glad I'm glad you are here with us.
Brock Simmons: Appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we'll go over the physical exam. Here I'm past medical history.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any medical
Natalie Austin: Issues like diabetes, hypertension, depression, anxiety, PTSD.
Brock Simmons: See, that's about it.
Natalie Austin: I see.
Brock Simmons: Yes.
Brock Simmons: My levels, really low.
Brock Simmons: Good plus for that. Yeah.
Brock Simmons: But I'm going to do some blood work this week that you guys are recommended. So we'll see up with that how my levels are
Brock Simmons: Okay, let's but other than that. I'm pretty healthy, I think.
Natalie Austin: Surgical history. Any surgeries.
Brock Simmons: Know surgeries.
Natalie Austin: Bladder, you have all your parts.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, all that my wife had was we moved the
Natalie Austin: Password blisters negative a family history or your parents still alive.
Brock Simmons: I'm a mother is still I'm a father's deceased. Last year we
Natalie Austin: Did what did he have to do have high blood pressure, heart disease,
Natalie Austin: Lung cancer. Okay, lung cancer, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Your mother as well healthy or
Brock Simmons: Oh, she has cancer as well.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is it lung cancer, breast cancer.
Brock Simmons: Lung Cancer SMALL CELL LUNG
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: any brothers or sisters
Brock Simmons: I got one sister. She's healthy
Brock Simmons: Okay, thank God.
Natalie Austin: Ok now on social history, you're married.
Brock Simmons: Oh, yes.
Natalie Austin: How many kids.
Natalie Austin: To two kids.
Brock Simmons: I have two with her and then she had to from a previous relationship. So I have two stepchildren to biological
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're a busy household huh
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Door for them live there with you.
Brock Simmons: Know, actually, to live with us to own their own already
Natalie Austin: Okay, wow, they're older. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm you're employed, what do you do
Brock Simmons: Concrete work.
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Brock Simmons: All burial vaults.
Mm hmm.
Brock Simmons: Very people for a living, I should say.
Natalie Austin: There you go. That's funny. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Hey, always have a job right because people are dying.
Natalie Austin: That's one guarantee in life is to guarantees in life, taxes and death. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's funny.
Natalie Austin: Okay, any allergies.
Natalie Austin: No, no, and then medications, just the Suboxone eight milligram pills twice a day. Any other meds.
Brock Simmons: I mean, from here I mean leave or something like that. Oh.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, that's it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay. We'll review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Natalie Austin: No negative. Okay.
Brock Simmons: No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sometimes why I'm sorry.
Brock Simmons: trouble sleeping here and there. Maybe a couple times a week. I don't know. It's
Brock Simmons: Just my mind, I think, really. I let my mind get to thinking too much and
Natalie Austin: Because of melatonin for that.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, absolutely. My wife was actually recommended last week. That's weird. You said
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Definitely get some you can get at the dollar store. It's really cheap and just try it out. It's a vitamin, so it's not going to do any harm.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Okay. So you haven't some insomnia no sweat fever, chills, know that good. Okay, we'll do the physical exam. How tall are you,
Brock Simmons: six foot three
Natalie Austin: It. What's your weight.
Brock Simmons: You want 10 pounds.
Natalie Austin: No acute distress. I am I lungs non labor aspirations admin understand extremities know Dema
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five out of five.
Natalie Austin: Yes reflexes intact cardiac regulating rhythm.
Brock Simmons: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay. Assessment and plan one opioid use disorder will still continue the Suboxone tablets eight milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: And to insomnia start melatonin.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, true. Okay, five milligrams, you can take one or two go up from there.
Natalie Austin: All right, three will begin counseling with that with bright heart.
Natalie Austin: Let's get to let you know.
Natalie Austin: Once this is completed. You can schedule that
Brock Simmons: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um. Any other questions for me.
Brock Simmons: Though I don't how can I figure out what pharmacy. I had on file. I just want to be double sure
With us
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's me. I'm
Natalie Austin: Whenever call whenever you call back to schedule your counseling and your next appointment. Ask them.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: They can look it up on the computer right then.
All right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brock Simmons: Okay, do I dial the same number that I dial before you
Natalie Austin: Not, not for the zoom, but for the other. Yeah, the other number the original number you call
Brock Simmons: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that one.
Okay.
Brock Simmons: Let's see what pharmacy. I had, like I said, it's just been so long ago, I don't
Natalie Austin: Know, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, now you're right on track here, we'll get you started. Okay.
Brock Simmons: All right. Thank you very much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. You have a good day. We'll get the script out hopefully this afternoon. Okay.
Brock Simmons: All right. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay, bye bye bye